what's up my kids I'm wise libra
subscribe to this channel right now if you don't
know me and I love the subject we're
going to discuss today I love that
these things happen that I like because it's not a
dish of taste for anyone but what I
like is that later the truth comes to
light because it always leaves exposed these
types of people who on this
channel we call qualities qualities
hypocrites a few years ago the
famous actor johnny depp was
denounced by his wife the also well-
known actress amber for
domestic abuse that everyone what a surprise
canceled johnny depp at the time
coming to form even the typical
twitter gives us wide to boycott
johnny depp's works with what
arguments her word and well
some images that she showed where she had
supposedly been attacked by him
and a video where he was angry
with her a video taken out of context that
will explain later what is
happening with that video but basically
her word anyway the usual I
prefer to risk pointing out an
innocent person as an abuser  carniglia
bro believe a victim of course yes
olé olé your balls well this of
course if the abuser or the alleged
aggressor is a man yes yes the victim is a
man
no way I prefer to risk
accusing an innocent person of being an abuser than
risk not believing a victim
but this tourism is unique
like 15 or 20 tweets have been found like
this and I'm sure if I start looking for
synonyms for the word I'll find many
more but this is the main argument
of these shitty people
then shitty people that have zero
empathy
hopefully in the not too distant future you will
sit your father or your brother or your
son in the dock pointing out the
abuser or the rapist of some of
the worst crimes considered by this
society hopefully your father your
brother or your son will be heard on the
street for being an alleged pedophile
when in reality he is not and olé your
balls what a great argument
well well starting last year starting in
2019 things start to  change for
johnny dir and he decides to file
a counterclaim against this other one, his x
is beginning to reveal some of
the evidence he has to prove his
innocence, among them the most relevant has
been a call where we see in
a quite aggressive attitude to
call it somehow,
go on, you caught me here playing
ride shadow legends look here I'm
killing something my epic characters look
fan
so much killa it is an honor for me to say
that this video is sponsored by
double queen and you feel pronounced
perfectly but I will be leaving a
link in the description so you can
download it and it is totally free you are going to
love it in fact every time I
sponsored this game on this channel I
had appreciated it very much in fact I
had paid more attention to the promo
than to the video itself I do not understand it with
the quality of content that I upload I
know you have heard about this game on
many occasions and there is a reason for
it online it is one of the
highest ranked role-playing games in play stories and has
just been nominated as the best
user choice in 2019 it is a
super well done epic fantasy with some
amazing graphics especially if you play
on pc it was the typical game with
endearing characters like
colored unicorn this game is based on a
realistic and very very epic dark environment
also king adds 16 new characters
16 epic champions every month so there are
always new strategies the game
is always changing we could say
in fact that this game does change and
no will michu then balance and new
rewards its millions help you
progress in a fun and easy way
while you get
additional rewards for passing them once you
complete each mission
you will get one of the best
legendary champions one of the things I
like most about the game is that you can put it
in automatic mode it has an
automatic mode that you can configure what
will happen missions and
level up while you are doing other
things such as fighting against
allies on twitter which is something
that we on this channel
do a lot also the game is
available for both android and
them I just got a little spliced
when I pronounced them is that I
pronounced it with such sensuality to
them and to start being
multiplatform attention because you can
synchronize your game  you can
sync your game across all your
devices meaning you can pick up where you
left off on the bus
when you get home on your PC I mean
this is wonderful okay you can
sync your game everywhere
where the serious look at the game comes back
okay it's an absolute marvel and very
playable it's very easy besides playing with what's
happening [ __ ] good afternoon a
little coffee we can choose the character we
want from what we get
but as missions go by they
give you more champions it's impressive
here you can see a little bit of what the
game looks like what impressive graphics they
have look at those graphics
look at what an epic adventure look at the level of
playability seriously
seriously I recommend it 100% whether
for mobile or computer you have to
play this [ __ ]
if all this doesn't convince you I tell you that
you are the only one since this game is
becoming so popular that it already has
more than 15 million downloads if not
you can find me in the game with
the nickname Harvey Oliveira just like
everywhere else well well on twitter
because twitter I can enter it with my
name you already know but you can
find me in the game under the nickname
javi oliveira and we can also play a
game you can also join my clan
and I repeat I
highly recommend that you at least try
this game you will not regret it
download the game with the links
in the description so what are you
waiting for watch the video description
click on the special links and if you
are a new player you will get 100,000
in silver two clan chief keys ten
mysterious fragments and a
free champion you can find this
reward in the mail by clicking
here the reward will
only be available for the next 30 days so hurry
up the link in the
description
nobody
1 day of Franco's regime
not
a collection of stories of the
guilty ones
in me
and no
i
ah
in the air
fifa
and yes
xbox but at that moment not only did his
sight come to Johnny Depp's defense
but even his ex-wife or rather who
can give better testimony than his
[ __ ] wife his ex-wife came out saying
that she had never experienced a
similar episode with Jordi and that she was
tremendously surprised what I had done that had
happened that these  acts would have come
from him I don't know if you remember what happened at
the time of the escrache to Johnny Depp
but of course there was a boycott of
his profession the popular mob of allies
wanted to get Johnny Depp to never
work again in his life in fact they
began to boycott all of his
projects at that time he was with
the promotion of the film Alice
through the I hope that from my point of
view forums of the best roles there are
are Johnny Depp throughout his
career and about these spectacular roles they
began to boycott the scene of the
film to the point that they wanted it to
be a complete failure so that
no other production company would want to
hire them anymore and he emphasized all this
without any sentence by means of
guilt and that condemned the
first-class actor Samper had not reported him
for abuse the first thing that happened was that he
already filed a lawsuit in court to
request a divorce alleging that they did not
get along and he requested a divorce with
alimony with alimony that was
quite
in fact that it made no sense and
that of course I
neither accept it you have realized that  seeing me
as if I were a woman living in
poverty in need of
help to support herself she is also
famous and a successful actress like
johnny depp [ __ ] in the [ __ ] with
water protagonist although it's not like she
earns 900 thousand two hundred euros a month
well after this a few weeks
when the news comes out that the
days are due to a lawsuit for
abuse I love these cases of
abused women who do not file a
lawsuit against their abuser those
alleged abusers from the first
moment but they realize that they
are abused women then they go to
do the math and [ __ ] now when
the rest of the evidence against this girl has come out
such as photos or
for example the call that has been
leaked I am amazed that this day she has been
living for years playing the
best role of her life the role of an
abused woman for all these years she
was being the victim as if she were
a survivor of gender abuse
and I don't know if she managed to go through the same thing as
me but the more I go over this
thing the more familiar it becomes to me one of
these moments  inside the
impressive aggressiveness and what he did was
grab him by the neck from behind literally
and he got scared it's not that I stayed if it's that he
choked me from behind
I already explained it yes in court in
fact we don't have either because there is a
conversation it is by phone recently
we were reacting and reading
live a chat conversation of
ingrid is girlfriend of dar la review now
currently she is also girlfriend of wayne
had a conversation with me in which english
behaved in a way how to
call it impractical in a chat with
dallas that conversation is to see it in its
entirety but it was a tremendous gem
die everyone supports me everyone tells me
that they are worthless and that they don't
understand what I do with you it's over
repent of what you have done and die I ignore
you I only intend to screw you hahaha
what an idiot I am going to make your
accusations and paranoias come true all of them and I
am going to start with sleeping with someone else and not
only the compensations that have been
leaked from these people but even without having
won the trials having been
archived that I don't know if you know
but that being  Chile in one case it's like they tell
you to [ __ ] off since
a case is activated something like that they
give you a turn ok I remember that I've been
in the canton for a while and I'll do it and these
people, since I don't understand much about
laws, they told me like an
archived case was a case that was like on
stand by for nothing, an archived case
that they comb your hair that they haven't seen anything, well the
whole excellent group now seeing the
gossip of the cases they continued to maintain
that the issues of gender violence
against Dallas that were like the course
that were like up in the air that they were
waiting for more evidence or
that they were there pending to see what would
happen when not at all, in other words, they were
archived because there was no way to
take it and now that we have all
the cards on the table now that we have
all the evidence the
conversations and seeing the attitude that they
have this mind, I mean, they
took them away because there was no way to
take it, the lawsuit was ridiculous and not
only ridiculous it was even
shameless in that sentence it is said
the judge rules out that we
are in a crime of
psychological abuse since the impact that
the comments on the videos of the
accused have had on social networks with the
consequent negative comments
towards the complaint on his blog despite the
psychological affectation that they may have
caused cannot be attributed to the
accused since these are third
parties who express their opinion in
relation to the content that is
published on social networks, that is to say, the
judge acquitted Dallas of the crime of
psychological abuse, therefore Dallas
has a sentence in which there is no
psychological abuse in that video, which
means that something is a lot to say that there is
psychological abuse. If he was
aware of the existence of this
sentence, he would be seriously lacking in
truth. The judge also adds that the
attitude shown by the complainant in
her statement was very normal and
calm, not corresponding to the
situation observed on many occasions
by the same instructor. It is from the same
judge when the victim presents
real psychological abuse and this is said by
a judge who every day sees a lot of
women who are reporting
abuse and says that she observes that their
behavior has nothing to do with
that of a woman with
psychological abuse  real that looks precisely
from ingrid as we don't have a tweet in
which she refers to the case of johnny
depp but it's not worth it now or rather because
now all these women and it's that in their
day and participated in the overturn and in
denigrating the image of johnny I say the
facts that believed the victim
simply for being a woman today they are
pronouncing us today we hide under
the table we
turn a deaf ear they
are coming out of jolie dir and as we don't
have a tweet from ingrid here let's
see what she posted at that moment waves
a question to all of you who are
congratulating johnny depp as if I
knew him jce from something you know that he is an
abuser of nothing it's that I love the
tone like sarcasm of ironies
believing yourself to be funny the funny
the know-it-all like when you don't
know him at all and your girl you know him
from something to affirm that he is an
abuser when there is no sentence
honey I know that you are used to
signing this thing without a sentence but  it's that
with novas I love this other tweet
when someone throws in her face that how does she
know that an abuser if there is no
sentence and she says and how do you know that he is
not it's like me
calling someone a pedophile abuser rapist
because I feel like it and someone
asks me well and how do you know that he is if there is
no evidence and I tell you and how do you know
that he is not it's that overwhelming logic
no but if she maintains the gall to
say she loves our
shitty logic in only one direction my balls fall out
with this chick it's as if
on some occasion they were
criticizing themselves it's like the meme
of ton shooting herself in the [ __ ] foot and if we
go what do we expect from this chick that this
land of abused women when
Dallas himself in Mrs.
sentence that completely forgets them
in the case of Indians another who has
spoken out on the case is my
dearest from the field like two
years ago it became trending topics that Johnny
Depp was canceling and Ximo because he was
an abuser and such at that time I
looked a little  the information and I said maybe we
shouldn't say that someone is
guilty until a judge says so
something like that I don't remember the
exact words what I do remember was the one that
fell on me it's simply true that he posted that
tweet okay in fact here it teaches is that
whether the Johnny Depp thing is true or not
will have to be decided by a judge not twitter or
tumble or facebook true that he posted that
tweet and says what I do remember was the one that
fell on me for simply remembering that we
are all innocent until
proven guilty in the end it turns out
that not only is she guilty it's that she was the one who
abused him and lied this is
[ __ ] great this argument that is
giving in the field is very well
viral
three applause for you but why haven't you
done the same with dada because
with dallas you do the opposite of what you
are preaching in your tweets and be very
careful I also made the mistake in the
past of believing the popular mob let's
say but the difference is that
I believe that when you get into giving your opinion
on a subject if later it turns out that
new data or new information comes out that
proves the opposite that  you have been
preaching you should correct your opinion, I
mean if for example you have never spoken out
about johnny depp now you would have no reason to
retract your opinion but if you have been
throwing [ __ ] and saying that he is
a [ __ ] abuser now is the time for me to
admit that you are wrong I have been
looking for you in my well my famous
folder a lot of garbage and on the twitter of the
en el campo and well I don't know if he has
deleted it or if he has never really
called anything abused but yes
his entire group Felipe is damage and people
around him have been treating Dallas
like an abuser and stating things
that have later been proven to be
lies and not only have they portrayed us
but for example in the case of
Felipe 360 ​​a guy who seems pathetic to me
even after City Center
has continued with the same story we can
talk about Cepeda we can talk about whatever
comes out of the balls we can't
talk about giving them because among the list
of things that I don't find funny
is number one abuse
end of list so  here we have
another one how about he dances no my dearest
infante my dearest what's up what's up
alias hypocrisy and I have a
message for you quetzal my dear
communists and favorite hypocrites since
you will get married I understand your position not
your position of fighting against the law and
saying that he is a [ __ ] sexist I want so
you should be in jail and that you
have joined the allies not that you
have joined the realities to
defend my area death what happens is that
I will find this answer of yours in
the efe mt note in case someone doesn't
know it is a page mind register and your
followers ask you questions and there is
someone who asks you what comes out
regarding the sexist movement of
killing joke who continues to be
accused of sexism and other things
by his ex girlfriends this such
killing joke better known as the
killing joke appears on youtube in tweet caminas
string was a colleague of quetzal who was
accused by his ex girlfriend publicly of
well of quite questionable actions
okay of quite sexist actions and
let's see what he thinks is such of everything  I
frankly don't want to get into
this kind of salsa stuff. I have a
cordial relationship with Killing and I don't care, I'm
interested in the details of his intimate life.
However, grabbing and narrating these kinds of
intimacies on Twitter doesn't give me any
special sympathy. She's
taking this kind of thing to the internet is
very inelegant, to put it
mildly. Okay, so it depends on
who it is. No, how about that because if who she
was using is Dallas.
If you're interested, no, I'm not interested here. If
you're interested, yes, Nadal, but when it comes
to a colleague of yours, until today, and we
blame the girl who is reporting
the case, I see a lot of solidarity with Johnny
Depp after audio clips emerged that
make it clear that Amber also
abused him. But I love it because she
says it like she's saying, I see a lot of solidarity
with Johnny Depp and I don't like it. I don't like
that we are in solidarity with
men. There is still evidence
against him. No, and well, at the end of the day, we
could take it that everyone
has their opinion. Not that everyone
is free to have an opinion, but I think that we
should have some kind of
criterion that supports us on this channel.  we have made
mistakes many times because
well, let's see, I am a person and we have
learned to have empathy with people, to
be quite skeptical in these cases and to
hope that there are both versions and
all possible evidence on the table,
so based on that we have
a criterion and we always give our opinion
without judging because at the
end of the day the final word on everything will always be
the judges' what I love is
the criterion that it is such no, I don't know
, I have never liked her or liked him yes, I am always inclined to defend the one I like because I am that stupid, I am always inclined to defend the one I like in everything, Quetzal has already demonstrated it in some
of his film reviews, we already know that
they are really hypocritical, this piece of
[ __ ] dedicates his channel to being a
film critic, but well, not a good critic from
my point of view because he is not objective
and he himself has recognized this on
occasion, mind you, if you come here it is going for
an objective and impartial criticism of the
work you will not find it, I am not impartial, I am
fair and part of it, not only do I appear in the
film but later,
drunken motion, the girl combines me, she already wants
Well today I just wanted to expose a
little bit of the hypocrisy, which, well, in case it
wasn't already quite exposed throughout our
career on YouTube in
all the similar cases that we've
dealt with on this channel and in the end
time always ends up proving right
to whoever is right and in the end it always
ends up leaning and ends up
exposing certain people from certain
ideological groups there isn't always
suicide, I mean it never ends up proving
right to these people that we call
reality, that's what catches my
attention and I say this from a
personal point of view, this is not statistical data
or anything like that. It gives me the impression
that if the complaints were poorly pursued
and counted they would be part of the
vast majority, in other words, the higher percentage
of complaints that are filed are false
compared to the true ones and this at the
end of the day I think it does a small
favor, I mean I think it plays a trick
on the people who are really
victims and suffer abuse and
need assistance because if
the law and the
judicial system were really used only to punish the
real abusers and not
like many people do  They
use it as personal revenge, they
use the law as a tool for
personal revenge, which in the end what
they do is cast doubt on the
real victims and that the fly always remains
behind the ear when this
situation happens because in some cases it
is not only the fact that
the alleged victim who is reporting ends up being cast into doubt
but there are cases that
are even a [ __ ] joke because they have to
laugh because they put
things in the complaint that are lies and
fruits of what they have told us acts that have not
happened and things that are really
laughable if movies and kids up to
here the video today be reading
your opinion in the
comments box give a good like if you
liked this video and we will see you
[Music]
ah